Release 5.3.1 prepare (#1280)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

## 5.3.1 - 2026-05-05

### Fixed

> - Installing apps on Ubuntu 26.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Issues with installation of apps on Ubuntu 26.
```
Which Ubuntu 26? .0x? Also, it is not officially supported, so why list issues related to it? https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/installation/recommended_versions.html#supported_operating_systems_proprietary_tools

Reviewer 2: As mentioned in the standup: We were made aware in NCD-1642 that 5.3.0 breaks installing apps on Ubuntu 25 and onwards, as well as on Fedora 44. So, even though we do not support those systems, it is nice to let users know that we potentially fixed this for them. 

Regarding which Ubuntu 26: There currently only is Ubuntu 26.04 LTS. While it is obvious right now to most which Ubuntu is meant by this, it might be better to also call it by its complete name here.

> - Drag-n-Drop install of local apps on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Issues with installation of local apps on Windows using drag and drop.
```
